docs(policies): add navbar to introduction (#2011)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/introduction.md

### Applying to specific proxy types
The top level `targetRef` field can select a specific subset of data plane proxies. The field named `proxyTypes` can restrict policies to specific types of data plane proxies:

> - `Sidecar`: Targets data plane proxies acting as sidecars to applications (including provided Gateway).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Sidecar`: Targets data plane proxies acting as sidecars to applications (including [delegated gateways](/docs/{{ page.version }}/using-mesh/managing-ingress-traffic/delegated/)).
```

Author: added also link to builtin gateway
